# 1
USER AGREEMENT
The present User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") has been concluded between the website "Tabor.ru " (hereinafter referred to as the "Administration") and an individual person (hereinafter referred to as the "User"), who is duly registered in compliance with Section 2 of the present Agreement, and governs the relations on the usage of the website with URL https://tabor.ru / (hereinafter referred to as the "Website") on the Internet (hereinafter referred to as the "Network"). The Agreement becomes effective upon the User’s acceptance of its terms and conditions through registration on the Website. 
1.	Subject of the Agreement
1.1.	The Administration offers the User services associated with the use of the Website on the terms stipulated by this Agreement.
1.2.	The Agreement may be amended by the Administration without any special notice. An updated version of the Agreement becomes effective upon being posted on the Website unless otherwise stipulated by the updated version of the Agreement. The current version of the Agreement is always available on the page with URL https://tabor.ru/help/terms
2.	Personal Data Security Agreement. Registration and authorization.
2.1.	In order to be able to use Website services, the User must complete the registration procedure on the Website by filling out the Registration Form and expressing consent with the terms of the Agreement by means of confirmation of the clause "I accept the terms of the Agreement".
2.2.	The User is obliged to provide truthful, accurate and complete information about himself/herself in the Registration Form, and to keep this information up to date.
2.3.	In the course of registration, the User provides information about himself/herself, his/her phone number (login) and selects a password to access the Website. The User is responsible for the security of his/her login and password, as well as for everything that will be done on the Website under the login and password of the User. The User undertakes to immediately notify the Administration of any unauthorized (not allowed by the User) access with the login and password of the User and/or any security breach. The Administration is not responsible for possible data loss or damage that may occur if the User violates the provisions of this part of the Agreement. The Administration guarantees compliance with non-disclosure mode related to the information provided by the User when filling out the registration form.
2.4.	User login (mobile phone number) and password are used for authorized access to the Website. Login and password are confidential information. The User has no right to give his/her own login and password to third parties, and is also obliged to take measures to ensure their confidentiality. The User is responsible for such data security.
2.5.	In order to ensure more reliable protection of User information, the Website Administration binds each user account to a mobile phone number. To implement this procedure, the User must provide the Website Administration with his/her mobile phone number. In case of loss of login or password, the User can restore access to his/her account using a recovery code contained in the SMS message that the User receives to his/her mobile phone number.
2.6.	The mobile phone number is confidential information that the Website Administration does not provide to third parties, unless this information is requested by law enforcement agencies upon their official request.
2.7.	The Administration implements reasonable and necessary security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse and altering under our control, including your personal data. The website uses reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal data. Our technical specialists are constantly working to ensure that the website remains safe and secure.
2.8.	The Administration takes precautions against possible security breaches of the website, user databases; however, no website or online data transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other violations will never occur. We appeal to you to take all necessary measures to ensure the confidentiality of your personal data, including login information (Phone number, it is also a login, and Password).
2.9.	The Administration cannot guarantee the security of your personal data at the moment when they are being transferred to the website; any transmission takes place at your own risk. As soon as we receive your data, we have security features that help to prevent unauthorized access.
2.10.	By providing the website with personal data, the User consents to personal data processing (collection, accumulation, storage, clarification, use, transmission, blocking, destruction). 
2.11.	The Administration may provide necessary information about the User only to the User himself/herself or to judicial and law enforcement agencies upon their official request. 
2.12.	User profile deactivation can be initiated by the User without assistance, after a period of not less than 10 (ten) days from the moment of registration on the website. User profile and personal data are hidden immediately after being submitted for deactivation. At the same time, the User has the opportunity to cancel the deactivation at any time within 180 days after submission for deactivation. After 180 days, all user data is irrevocably deleted, account recovery becomes impossible. The processing of User accounting data and other User data is carried out during the entire period of time from the moment of User profile registration and until its complete deactivation, unless otherwise provided by the current legislation.
2.13.	By signing up, the User agrees to receive promotional messages from our Website via SMS, Viber, email or incoming calls. For example, messages to recover a forgotten password, messages to change the phone number bound to the User account on the Website.
2.14.	The User confirms that he/she is well informed that he/she has the right to unsubscribe from receiving e-mail newsletters, SMS, Viber or voice messages by means of submission of his/her account for deactivation.
2.15.	The provisions of this Agreement are mandatory for all previously and newly registered Website Users.
2.16.	By using the Website, You confirm that you are already 18 years old and you have the right to accept these Rules. Otherwise, you must leave the website immediately.
3.	Rights and Liabilities of the Parties
3.1.	Rights and Liabilities of the User
3.1.1.	The User is obliged not to use the Website for:
3.1.1.1.	downloading, sending, transmission or any other way of publishing materials, documents and photographs containing information that is illegal, threatening, insulting morality and human dignity, calumnious, violating intellectual property laws, propagandizing hatred and discrimination of people on racial, ethnic, sexual, social grounds;
3.1.1.2.	downloading, sending, transmission or any other way of publishing any materials containing viruses or other computer codes, files or programs designed to violate, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer or telecommunications equipment or programs for unauthorized access, as well as serial numbers to COTS products and programs for their generation, logins, passwords and other means to obtain unauthorized access to paid online resources, as well as posting links to the above information;
3.1.1.3.	unapproved posting, transmission of advertising, commercial or propaganda messages, as well as messages with fraud purposes;
3.1.1.4.	posting, transmission of messages to someone's address, that contain slander, rude and offensive expressions and sentences;
3.1.1.5.	posting, transmission of messages containing pornographic materials.
3.1.2.	The User is obliged to independently evaluate the content of the information and materials posted by the User on the Website for compliance with applicable legal requirements of the Russian Federation and clause 3.1.1. of this Agreement.
3.1.3.	The User undertakes to post photos with the image of the User and/or third parties on the Website only upon the consent of the copyright holder and the third parties depicted in the photos. In case of any claims, demands and lawsuits relating to intellectual rights infringement to the photos posted by the User, as well as relating to the disagreement of the persons depicted in the photos, that may be raised by third parties against the Administration, the User is obliged to independently take all the measures to resolve these claims. Upon the receipt of any of the above claims, the Administration deletes the photo to which third party claims are raised, and also has the right to delete or suspend User profile registration on the Website unless the circumstances of the violation are clarified and the User settles the claims of third parties.
3.1.4.	The User undertakes not to post on the Website links to another person's e-mail addresses, other website addresses (urls), another person's phone numbers, another person's photos, addresses of other individuals and legal entities, state and judicial authorities. 
3.1.5.	The User authorizes the Administration to use any materials posted by the User on the Website to participate in Promotion actions, the description of which is posted on the Website.
3.2.	Rights and Liabilities of the Administration
3.2.1.	The Administration has the right to request confirmation documents from the User to ensure that he/she has rights to post photos on the website.
3.2.2.	In case the User violates the terms of this Agreement, the Administration has the right to suspend or cancel the User registration and refuse the User to use Website features. 
3.2.3.	The Administration has the right, without notifying the User, to delete the User's materials and data that do not comply with the norms of applicable legislation of the Russian Federation, and also has the right to refuse further use of the Website to the User in case the User violates the terms of this Agreement.
3.2.4.	The Administration has the right to change the Website content at its discretion.
4.	Exemption from Warranties and Liability
4.1.	The Administration does not guarantee that the Website features will be provided continuously, quickly, reliably and without errors.
4.2.	The Administration is not responsible for the violation of the applicable legislation of the Russian Federation by the User, including violation of intellectual property legislation. In case of claims against the Administration are raised by third parties, the User is obliged to take all the measures to settle these claims independently, at his/her own expense
4.3.	In case regulatory legal acts are adopted by the authorities of the Russian Federation and they affect Website features execution in whole or in part, the Administration reserves the right to make any changes in the Website features execution aimed at bringing the latter in compliance with new regulations.
5.	General information
5.1.	The User and the Administration agree that all possible disputes regarding the Agreement will be resolved in accordance with the norms of the applicable legislation of the Russian Federation.
5.2.	Nothing in the Agreement can be understood as the establishment of agency relations, partnership relations, joint activity relations, personal employment relations, or any other relations between the User and the Administration, that are not directly provided for in this Agreement.
6.	Registration Termination
6.1.	The User agrees that the Administration reserves the right to terminate the User profile registration on the Website and delete any materials for any reason, including violation of the terms of this Agreement.
6.2.	The Administration has the right to terminate the relationship with the User if the user activity has not been noticed during the period of more than 6 months from the date of the last session.
6.3.	The Administration has the right to terminate the relationship with the User in case of violation of this Agreement by the latter.
What are "cookies" and which "cookies" are used on the website?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile phone. Cookies are tags stored by your web browser. Cookies allow you to store information about website session, recognize you every time you visit the website, and ensure unimpaired website operation. The reasons for using cookies are listed below.
Authorization on the website and memorization of preferences.
When you visit our website, we use cookies to save your session. Cookies with session are deleted when the browser is closed. We will also install permanent cookies on users' computers for our website to remember the user and make the authorization process faster and more convenient. You can block cookies in browser settings, but by such a blocking, you will not be able to use the functions of the Website.
Analytical activity.
Tabor.ru uses Yandex Metrica to collect information concerning how visitors use our Website and Applications. We use this information for reporting. To obtain additional information about Yandex Privacy Policy, please visit https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/
Advertising activity.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads taking into consideration User's previous sessions. Advertising cookies allow Google and its partners to display ads taking into consideration user sessions. You can disable personalized advertising by visiting the page: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated To obtain additional information about Google Privacy Policy, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Coins Usage Policy.
Any User registered on the website can use various services offered by the Website.
How can the services (goods) offered to the registered User be paid for? 
1. The unit of account used to pay for services (goods) is the Coin.
2. The validity period of the Coins bought by the User is the period of User registration on the Website.
3. The Coins credited to the User account cannot be combined with the Coins of other Users, transferred to other Users or exchanged back to the account of the mobile operator.
4. The coins credited to the User account and not spent are cancelled in the following cases: upon termination of the User registration on the Website, regardless of whether the specified registration was terminated by the User independently or the registration was canceled by the Website Administration in case the User violates the terms of this User Agreement
5. The Administration is not responsible for the services (goods) offered to the User by other website Users.
Revised on February 27, 2019
